Update ChangeCoins.md (#696)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/ChangeCoins.md

This process is applicable to any Bitcoin transaction where the `sent` amount is less than the total value of the input UTXO.

:::tip

> Since Wasabi v1.1.10.4, is it possible to define a custom change address for transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Wasabi v1.1.11, is it possible to define a custom change address for transactions
```
